fix: Sys Diagram clipped if wider than container (#6227)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/grumpy-sloths-check.md

---
'@backstage/core-components': patch
'@backstage/plugin-catalog': patch
---

> System Diagram was getting clipped when it was wider than the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed sizing of the System diagram when the rendered graph was wider than the container.
```
Sorry for the small nit here, just wanted to make the language sound more like a change than a problem 😅
